Clarify RP conventions with Razor components (#17086)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/blazor/index.md

Blazor WebAssembly apps run on the client. Authorization is *only* used to determine which UI options to show. Since client-side checks can be modified or bypassed by a user, a Blazor WebAssembly app can't enforce authorization access rules.

> [Razor Pages authorization conventions](xref:security/authorization/razor-pages-authorization) don't apply to routable Razor components. If an unroutable Razor component is [embedded in a page](xref:blazor/integrate-components#render-components-from-a-page-or-view), the Razor component is indirectly effected by the page's authorization conventions along with the rest of the page's content.

Reviewer: `effected` or `affected`?

Author: *Yes* ... "affected" for **_impact on_**. Good :eye:!

> [Razor Pages authorization conventions](xref:security/authorization/razor-pages-authorization) don't apply to routable Razor components. If an unroutable Razor component is [embedded in a page](xref:blazor/integrate-components#render-components-from-a-page-or-view), the Razor component is indirectly affected by the page's authorization conventions along with the rest of the page's content.

Reviewer: What about this minor rewording?
```suggestion
[Razor Pages authorization conventions](xref:security/authorization/razor-pages-authorization) don't apply to routable Razor components. If a non-routable Razor component is [embedded in a page](xref:blazor/integrate-components#render-components-from-a-page-or-view), the Razor component is indirectly affected by the page's authorization conventions along with the rest of the page's content.
```
